Today traveling many places along with staying at fancy hotels is a common hobby among peoples. People search online for different 
  types of comfortable hotels, so if your hotel website doesn’t exist, then you are few steps backward. 
  This free Bootstrap hotel template will provide you enough resources to get positive attention of clients.

Hotel Template
This is a multipage template built up with the Bootstrap 4 framework and specially designed for 
  resorts and hotel website which is absolutely stunning. It is super responsive template combined with a feasible modern feature list. 
  To illustrate more, the tempting UI of this a Bootstrap template will surely catch your eyesight. 
  The sticky navigation bar along with drop-down will help to know your position in the site.

On the top of that, the full-screen header ensures visual appeal at a great level. Furthermore, parallax scrolling and hero header
  provide an artistic touch to this template. You will get hotel reservation form on edge of the image header.Next, 
  there comes about us and accommodation sections where detail information about hotel and specific room types with costs are shown.

Then the gallery section is one of the most attractive sections in this whole template as it is 
  designed with lightbox image gallery module, hover image effects. After that, there is moderate blog section which is very informative. 
  The clients can review their opinion on the slider testimonial section. If you have any inquiry, then there is a contact form 
  for you along with Google maps. Last but not the least, a newsletter box, social media icons, and Instagram feed are 
  accommodated on the footer section.

 

Mentionable Features
Fully Responsive
Multipage Template
Hero header
Hotel Reservation Form
On Hover Effect
Parallax Scrolling
On Hover Button
Slider Testimonial
Blog Section
Instagram Feed
Newsletter Box
Lightbox Image gallery
Dropdown Menu
Sticky Navigation
Multiple Ready Elements
Google Maps
Contact Form
Social Media Icons
Descriptive Footer
 

Files Included
8 HTML File
11 CSS Files
11 Javascript Files
7 Plugins
Demo Images
SCSS Files
Documentation
 

Credits
Bootstrap 4
FontAwesome
jQuery v3.2.1
jQueryValidation
Steller
imagesLoaded
Isotope
Linear Icons
Nice Select
Owl Carousel
 

Conclusion
This is undoubtedly an elegant HTML5 template for your hotel website. 
  Don’t waste time on thinking. Grab this template, otherwise you can have a look at our website templates.
  Also, we suggest you see the high-quality templates for getting a one-stop solution.
